My uncle, like wasn't married or had kids. I was always like, huh,
what's up with them? Smart.
That guy that's partying seems to go on the bill Maher route.
Do you burble?
Was that getting me into the alarm? Do you have a bill Martin? Yeah.
I saw you. Did you?
One of those people who thinks you wouldn't have those people, you're not okay.
Okay. You don't you're wrong. There's no,
God. Okay.
It's very like, ah, I know everything. I do agree with that.
He says.
Yeah, he's smart guy that shows a weird show.
Everybody talking over each other five people on a panel,
whatever it is for over the phone. So many people. Do you see the, uh,
Ben Aflac one?
Yes. With Sam Harris. Yes. Sam's a friend of mine. I.
Love Sam too. That was hilarious. I think Ben,
I think Ben Affleck was roided up. He was playing Batman.
That's right. I really had that energy.
Well, he also was like kind of red and thick. Yeah. His neck was thick. Like,
listen, when you're 40, whatever the age he is.
And you want to pack on that kind of muscles. There's only one way
you got to take that plunger. Yeah.
That's what I think.
I think he was juiced up and I think he just was hyper aggressive virtue
signaling and really didn't even know what the he was talking about and clearly
picked the wrong guy.
Oh my God. I would never argue with Sam Harris. I think.